STREAMS-1650 add documentation for payload type event (#68)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/publishers/_index.md

}
```

### Type of data source

> Streams can adapt to different type of data sources. We distinguish data sources that provide a full data set (snapshot) from data sources able to directly publish events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streams can adapt to different type of data sources. We distinguish between data sources that provide a full data set (snapshot) and data sources that directly publish events.
```

#### Configuring the type of data source

> You must configure Streams in regards of the type of data source it will connect to and set the `payload.type` attribute accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must configure Streams in regards of the type of data source it will connect to and set the `payload.type` attribute accordingly:
```
```suggestion
You must configure Streams in regards to the type of data source it will connect to and set the `payload.type` attribute accordingly:
```

```json
{
  "name": "myTopic",
  "publisher": {
    ...
    "payload": {
      "type": "snapshot|event"
    }
    ...
  }
  ...
}
```

{{< alert title="Note" >}}The payload type cannot be changed once the topic is created.{{< /alert >}}

#### Snapshot data source

To used when the data source provides an updated version of a full data set over time.

> For example an Rest Json API providing the list of top 10 headline news. In case of breaking news, an additional entry will be added to the response of the API, replacing the oldest entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example an Rest Json API providing the list of top 10 headline news. In case of breaking news, an additional entry will be added to the response of the API, replacing the oldest entry:
```
```suggestion
For example, a REST JSON API providing the list of the top 10 headline news. In case of breaking news, an additional entry will be added to the response of the API, replacing the oldest entry:
```

   "title": "Would you trust your salary to start-up",
   "date": "2019-09-10-T09:59:32",
   "abstract": "We take a closer look at how safe..."
},...]
```

When configured to connect to a `snapshot` data source, Streams will always compute **incremental updates** by comparing the previous snapshot to the newly published snapshot. Streams acts as a change data capture layer able to generate change events from what is being publish in the topic. With this type of payload, it is possible to configure additional subscription modes so that subscribers choose the type of event they wish to receive from Streams. See [subscription modes](../subscribers#subscription-modes) for details.

#### Event data source

> These data sources do not provide the complete data set but the events representing the change that occurred on a specific resource in the form of a Json Object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These data sources do not provide the complete data set, but only the events representing the change that occurred on a specific resource in the form of a JSON Object.
```

> For example a change on the Lead object in Salesforce:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example a change on the Lead object in Salesforce:
```
```suggestion
For example, a change on the Lead object in Salesforce:
```

```json
{
  "Status":"Working - Contacted",
  "LastModifiedDate":"2021-02-26T14:14:44.000Z",
  "ChangeEventHeader":{
    "entityName":"Lead",
    "changeType":"UPDATE",
    "changedFields":["Status","LastModifiedDate"],
    "transactionKey":"0002a8c8-3c33-f5b9-9152-xxxxxx",
    "commitTimestamp":1614348884000,
    "recordIds":["00Q1t00000xxxxx"]
  }
}
```

> When configured to connect to an `event` data source, Streams does not compute **incremental updates** and acts as an Event Hub that forwards events as is to all subscribers defined in the topic. In this case the subscription mode is forced to `event`. See [Subscription modes](../subscribers#subscription-modes) section for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configured to connect to an `event` data source, Streams does not compute **incremental updates** but acts as an Event Hub that forwards events, as is, to all subscribers defined in the topic. In this case, the subscription mode is forced to `event`. See [Subscription modes](../subscribers#subscription-modes) section for more details.
```

### Publishing in the absence of a subscriber

You can control whether or not the publisher is allowed to publish content if no subscriber is currently subscribed to the topic.

> Setting `alwayOn` flag to `true`, will ensures that any new subscriber will receive the latest published value as soon as they reconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `alwayOn` flag to `true`, will ensures that any new subscriber will receive the latest published value as soon as they reconnect.
```
```suggestion
Setting `alwayOn` flag to `true` will ensures that any new subscriber will receive the latest published value as soon as they reconnect.
```
